TITLE
We, students from BCT-067(1st sem.) group teamed up to develop a program entitled as “The Viper Buzz”, as a part of our Mini Project for our 1st semester under the subject Computer Programming. This program aims to be a part of stress reliving game for the user of the program.

INTRODUCTION
“The Viper Buzz” is a computer game version of south Asian game, ‘Snake and Ladder’ written on C language using GNU GCC compiler on code blocks program. This program is specially designed to entertain the user of the program. This program will be quite useful and can be brought in practice as a stress relieving game. It is made user friendly with multiple user compatibility.

OBJECTIVES
The main goals of our project are enlisted below.
To use different user defined function, to break a program into many simplified parts to deal with and to make it easier to understand the codes too. 
To promote the use of array in general programming for simplified version of the program.
To apply the file handling concepts in order to retrieve the player’s data files that contains the data of the players.
To use minimum graphics as far as possible to make the program execute fast but also user friendly side by side.
To use general concept of c language to develop a simple program that as a whole entertains the user.

SOURCE OF INSPIRATION
Every tasks/aim in our life begins with an inspiration. We know we can do it but we need some inspiration. So, being inspired of the south Asian game(Snake and Ladder), we made up our mind to develop such a program in computer version which can be a perfect match to the game. Also we made our mind to add of some extra facilities in the program that can’t be brought in practice in real game of ‘Snake and ladder’. 
As inspired from south Asian game we thought of making our mini project that would be designed in the c language. In present computer has become a way of life so people prefer to switch to the computer version that’s why we have thought of the classical game “Snake and Ladder”.


FEATURES
Compatible as multi-player game.
Facility to save the game.
Open the saved game using the password pre-defined by the user.
Use minimum graphics as far as possible avoiding complex codes.

SCOPE 
Users preferring the classical games can switch to the game.
Beginners in computer programming can take hints via the mini project to boost up their programming techniques.
Can be brought in practice in training centers that offers basic programming courses.
Can be the best choice as stress relieving game in the busy life pattern of the people in present life.
Simplicity and efficient is main fact that we get using the c language, so user can execute the program in each and every computer almost.
Can be milestone for the programmers trying to learn the c language.

CONCLUSION
Lastly this is our proposal for what we are going to do in our mini project. Hopefully, we will try to incorporate more detailed and user interface features apart from the above mentioned points in due time. We hearty welcome any kind of suggestions that would be appropriate for the project. 
